doc: Add FAQs to AutoQASM README (#713)
amazon-braket/amazon-braket-sdk-python: src/braket/experimental/autoqasm/README.md

## Tests

To run only AutoQASM tests (and skip the rest of the Amazon Braket SDK unit tests), run:
```
tox -e unit-tests -- test/unit_test/braket/experimental/autoqasm
```

Note that you may first need to run `pip install -e .[test]`. More information on running tests

> can be found in the [top-level README](../../../../README.md).

Author: I feel like this is a pretty standard section in READMEs, and our own top level readme for the BDK has such a section

## Frequently asked questions

###  1. Will AutoQASM build a library of quantum algorithms or quantum applications?

No, we are focused on AutoQASM as an interface for low-level expression of
quantum programs: circuits, gates and pulses. Higher-level algorithm
libraries could be implemented using AutoQASM and benefit from modular
AutoQASM functionality such as subroutines.

### 2. What is the relationship between AutoQASM and OpenQASM?

AutoQASM can be seen as implementing a builder pattern for OpenQASM. It
allows you serialize your program to OpenQASM with `Program.to_ir()`. The
interface is not strongly tied to OpenQASM so we could serialize to other
formats in the future.

In other words, AutoQASM is a quantum programming interface built in Python.
OpenQASM is a quantum assembly language, often used as a serialization format
for quantum programming frameworks and quantum hardware providers. We can
represent a quantum program equivalently in either format, but using AutoQASM

> allows one to also make use of Python, including the Amazon Braket SDK.

Reviewer: I would probably swap the order of these two paragraphs - the second paragraph more directly answers the question.

### 3. What is the relationship between AutoQASM and the Amazon Braket SDK?

AutoQASM lives alongside the Amazon Braket SDK as an experimental feature
branch. It supplements the program building experience and integrates with
Amazon Braket SDK features. For instance, one can build a program through

> AutoQASM, using Amazon Braket SDK device objects, and then run the program
> with the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AutoQASM, and then use the SDK to run the program on a local simulator or on
an Amazon Braket device.
```

Author: I was trying to include an example of the benefit of integrating with the BDK beyond running on a device, but maybe we don't have enough functionality there yet

Quantum programs are serialized to OpenQASM before executing on Amazon
Braket, and AutoQASM programs can be serialized to OpenQASM. Thus, we have a
very lightweight integration to run AutoQASM programs through the Amazon

> Braket SDK.

Reviewer: Consider deleting this paragraph - I think (?) the point is that the Braket service accepts OpenQASM, we already said that during the main part of the README above, and I'm not sure it directly helps to answer the question here about the SDK.

or QPU that supports OpenQASM. We do have features that use the Amazon Braket
SDK, such as [device-specific validation](../../../../examples/autoqasm/4_Native_programming.ipynb).
Because AutoQASM is open-source, anyone could
build similar integrations for another service. Reach out if you're
interested in doing this and would like support.

### 5. Does AutoQASM offer special support for device-specific programming?

Yes, AutoQASM has device-specific validation to support native programming.
We plan to expand this functionality in the future. Learn more with our
[native programming example notebook](../../../../examples/autoqasm/4_Native_programming.ipynb).

### 6. Do the devices available through Amazon Braket support all of AutoQASM's features?

No, for example, the `reset` instruction is not supported by all devices. In
general, different QPUs and QHPs support different sets of features, so
AutoQASM will often support features that a particular device doesn't
support. We intend that AutoQASM will eventually be able to generate any
program representable by OpenQASM 3.0, with additional Python-side features
such as validation and visualization.

> ### 7. Is there a difference between classical conditionals and quantum conditionals?

Author: Is this more confusing than it's worth?

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's really a question about AutoQASM. Your answer does start to explain the difference between trace-time and runtime conditionals, but that's also not what the question is asking. Maybe something like this could go in an example notebook that introduces control flow and mid-circuit measurement?
